well howdy there internet people it's
beau again so today we're going to talk
about the president's
comments again and the republican
response to them
and by response i mean complete lack of
a response
republicans normally do not comment on
the president's statements
because they're worried he'll make fun
of them on twitter
but they commented on this because they
understand the severity of what he said
you do not know the president of the
united states was asked very directly if
he would commit to a peaceful
transferal of power and he wouldn't
the president would not commit to a
peaceful
transferal of power and the republican
response
has been gop leader in the house uh
mccarthy saying let me be clear it'll be
peaceful
and mcconnell's saying oh don't worry
you know whoever wins the election
they'll be inaugurated
that's cool fantastic except you guys
don't get to decide that he does
your man has to be held accountable for
his words
and you're not doing that right now
you're not doing that you're not pushing
him
to make this commitment you're defending
it
you're downplaying it
you will forgive me if i do not believe
you will act when the time comes if the
time comes
because right now you're refusing to act
and your biggest
worry is a an angry tweet
you're telling me that you're gonna act
when he hasn't taken violence off the
table
yeah i don't believe that not at all
and i get it you guys don't believe it
that's fine
that's fine it's not like uh you guys
have a really long history of
underestimating this man
it's how he wound up in the oval office
because you didn't take him seriously in
the primaries
that's how he wound up there and now
you're all held captive by his twitter
account
the president needs to commit to this
and you need to make him that's your job
your job in in the legislative branch is
to act as a hedge
against executive tyranny that's why you
exist
and you are failing in that obligation
the most interesting defense came from
the senator from nebraska who just said
well
you know the president says crazy stuff
i'm going to suggest that that's a
reason he shouldn't be president
a man whose words can start a war a man
whose words can take the economy
a man whose lack of words can take out
two hundred thousand americans
you guys had four years
you've never held him accountable for
anything
why would you expect the american people
to believe you would do it when the
chips are down
you won't you're proving it now
the republican party has a moral
obligation
a legal obligation and an ethical
obligation to put pressure on the
president to make him commit to this
the names mccarthy and mcconnell
may go down in history
not in a favorable light
but as the people who enabled the run-up
you need to stop underestimating this
man
because just as he has held you captive
he can do it to the country
it is your obligation your duty to stop
it
anyway it is just a thought you all have
a good day